Well, and the two senior brothers are too enthusiastic
I can't choose anyone
Oh, I see.
Why do you feel that senior brother is not very happy?
I usually live in the study when I am busy
Rest early
Hey brother
Oops, the plaster hasn't been given yet.
Hey
Miss, this is the general
I specially asked the kitchen to prepare dinner for you
Wow, so much.
And it's all my favorite food
Well, please enjoy it, miss.
Then finish dinner first
Then make medicine for senior brother
Who is the girl the general brought back?
I heard that she is the general's junior sister
But I have served in the mansion for so long
This is the first time I have seen a general bring someone back
Your Highness, everything has been arranged
Sunny wants to b into a pig
It depends on your life. You didn't take it.
senior brother